Edit "Avoid conditions" section (#5)
sapegin/washingcode-book: manuscript/book.md

### Early return

> Applying _guard clauses_, or _early returns_, is a great way to avoid nested conditions. A series of nested conditions, also known as the [arrow anti pattern](http://wiki.c2.com/?ArrowAntiPattern) or _dangerously deep nesting_, is often used for error handing:

Reviewer: Maybe
 
```suggestion
Using _guard clauses_, or _early returns_, is a great way to avoid nested conditions. A series of nested conditions, also known as the [arrow anti pattern](http://wiki.c2.com/?ArrowAntiPattern) or _dangerously deep nesting_, is often used for error handing:
```

This function is still long but it’s much easier to follow because of simpler code structure.

Now we have maximum one level of nesting inside the function and the main return value is at the very end without nesting. We’ve added two guard clauses to exit the function early when there’s no data to process.

I’m not really sure what the code inside the second condition does, but it looks like it is wrapping a single item in an array, like we did in the previous section.

_And no, I have no idea what `tmpBottle` means, nor why it was needed._

> The next step here could be improving the `getOrderIds()` function’s API. Currently it can return three different things: `undefined`, a single item, or an array. We have to deal with each separately, so we have two conditions at the very beginning of the function, and we’re reassigning the `idsArrayObj` variable (see [Avoid reassigning variables](#avoid-reassigning-variables) below).

Reviewer: I'd keep simpler "now" instead of longer "currently".

const sessionGet = (key, brand, sku) =>
  Session.get(getSessionKey(key, brand, sku));

> const sessionSet = (key, brand, sku, value) =>

Reviewer: I'll need to find a way to test examples ;-)

We were able to separate all low level code and hide it in another module.

It may seem like I prefer small functions, or even very small functions, but that’s not the case. The main reason to extract code into separate functions here is a violation of the [single responsibility principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle). The original function had too many responsibilities: getting special offers, generating cache keys, reading data from cache, storing data in cache. All of them with two branches for our two brands.

### Tables or maps

> One of my favorite techniques on improving _(read: avoiding)_ conditions is replacing them with tables or maps. With JavaScript a table or map can just be a plain object.

Reviewer: Without "just":

```suggestion
One of my favorite techniques on improving _(read: avoiding)_ conditions is replacing them with tables or maps. With JavaScript you can create a table or a map using a plain object.
```

<Button>{getButtonLabel(decision.id)}</Button>;
```

> The object syntax is a bit more lightweight and readable than the `switch` statement.

Reviewer: I should probably read what I write 🤦‍♂

This function is very long, with lots and lots of repetitive boilerplate code. It’s really hard to read and maintain. Sometimes validations for the same field aren’t grouped together.

But if we look closer, there are just three unique validations:

- a required field (in some cases leading and trailing whitespace is ignored, in some not — hard to tell whether it’s intentional or not);
- maximum length (always 80);
- no spaces allowed.

> First, let’s extract all validation logic into its own functions so we can reuse them later:

Reviewer: Maybe 

```suggestion
First, let’s extract all validations into their own functions so we can reuse them later:
```

My head explodes because of this mix of singulars and plurals 😑
